Look at people at speed and
irresponsibility of this biker in the
São Paulo traffic puts the image
maybe you only have 30 per hour at a minimum
taking the ride the guy looks like
believe in those china and rooster 2000
in the playcenter genebra
we get a little bit here just from
Watching you have at home, are you?
riding a motorcycle, which is the most
because if the ball came to a halt that
caught the wheel if you look at the car
the detour of the route I do not keep looking
for the only car you look does not bring
in the direction of the wheel to see if it
is coming back
he threatens to return then what the guy
died was there but the team is at 130
to avoid 130 between two cars and not
It is in a range to 131 to 130 and above the
white rock between the cars in the aisle
It's in this do not you can run
do so will die he speaks work is
recording with the camera on the helmet
looks cases the right now
people give you the right to show there washed
so if you're even quieter you can
to see by her grandmother, she half said
dilma gave guidance that it was not
you should not drive a motorcycle
actually is not marginal.
Pine trees
What madness do people put down again?
ae
an is reduced giving you a kiss for
total control
now a little for you to
feel this sensation
just looks we play next to each other
these hours capital
Sergio Mota in the house
Look at us, one more thing, because
I panicked did not catch the wheel
Did you look at the car?
the detour of the route does not appear in the car
only you look does not bring in the direction of
his wheel may be coming back
he threatens to return then the guy
saw
What you should not do in transit
São Paulo with a motorcycle was with this
boy just published